{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I am contesting this citation because I live at the address 440 36th avenue- the address listed above. I am currently renting this property, and have been living here since September 2013 (I am a student at UCSC). I will include the proof of this claim in the form of an energy bill for this address, in my name. I am including only one page, in order to comply with the file size limits. As to why I got a ticket while living here, I was using one of the guest passes (#2418, which I will also provide proof of) for my address and had it hanging up on my rearview mirror the day before the citation. I sometimes do not take the permit down, since I don't want to forget to put it back up on weekends. When I found the citation on my car, I was confused to see that my guest permit was not hanging where it should have been. When I looked in my car, I found it lying on the floor. The only explanation I can offer is that it fell off of my mirror while I was driving and that I failed to notice that fact. I do not believe I deserve to pay this citation, since I live at the address in front of which I was parked. I hypothesize that the reason for these citations is to keep outsiders (mainly surfers) from parking in this residential area and taking up the parking spots that rightly belong to the residents. Since I am one of those residents, not an outsider, I find myself in the right in contesting this citation.}